Weekly Exercise 4: Text Preprocessor
CMPUT 274 Fall 2020
Ashley Davis  1616898

The program preprocess.py will call 4 functions to process each word 
in an input line and convert to lowercase and remove unwanted characters

lowercase() - takes word and converts all captial letters to 
              lowercase letters
remove_punct() - takes word, converts to list of characters, then
              removes all punctuation and symbols
remove_numbers() - takes list of characters, removes characters
              that are numbers UNLESS all characters are
              numbers, then joins characters into new word
remove_punct() - takes word and deletes it (creates empty string) 
	      if word if found in the list of stopwords

The main program will determine if a mode is specified in the command-line 
and do input error checking. If input is not formatted correctly, the program 
will tell the user the error encountered and indicate the proper format, 
then exit the program.

If the input is formatted correctly, it will be in the form
          python3 preprocess.py <mode>
where the mode is optional. The three defined modes are:
*keep-symbols - program will not remove punctuation or symbols
*keep-digits  - program will not remove any numbers from words
*keep-stops   - program will not remove defined stopwords

If a mode is entered, but not one of the three defined modes, an error 
message will be displayed indicating the three modes and the program will exit.

If no errors exist, the program will run the 4 functions (or 3 of the 4 if 
a mode is entered) and output the processed string of words, excluding any 
words that have become empty strings.


How to run the program:
1. Please type the following command into the terminal:
	$ python3 freq.py mode
   where mode is the name of the defined mode (see above) OR is
   left blank. No mode needs to be specified to run the program.
2. If the input has more than one mode indicated, the program
   will print an error message indicating the correct format and 
   listing defined modes.
3. If the mode inputted is not defined, the program will print an 
   error message indicating correct format and listing defined
   modes
4. When the program completes, it will ouput a string of processed
   words, excluding any removed words.


Note to the marker:
On assignment 2 I was docked marks for not removing the .txt file extension 
on the README file. I am not sure why, as I do not see any extension in my 
original copy. Please note that I did remove the .txt file extension for this 
file before submitting, so if it has an extension still, there must be an error 
in transferring the file, not a human error. If the error occurs, could you 
possibly give me a correct way to remove the extension? I have already followed 
all instructions provided by Google. Thank you!
